v6 release notes (#104)
ManageIQ/activerecord-virtual_attributes: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

> This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

Reviewer: This line should now be changed that we are _NOT_ following symantic version, but instead matching Rails' release version numbers.

## [Unreleased]

> ## [6.1.0] - 2022-01-26

Reviewer 2: why does PR title say v4 when this is 6.1?

> * Added Rails 6.1 support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **BREAKING** This gem will now no longer follow Symantic Versioning, but instead follow Rails' versioning numbers in order to simplify version matches between them both.
* Added Rails 6.1 support
```

Author: yea. as I added Breaking, it looks better at the top

Reviewer: Oh yeah..agreed.

Reviewer: I think it should be in both places, so we know _when_ this versioning change was made...also commented in the statement at the top.

> * Dropped support for Rails 5.0, 5.1, 5.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **BREAKING** Dropped support for Rails 5.0, 5.1, 5.2
```

# Change Log

> Versioning is now following active record versioning. And not supporting SemVer.

Reviewer: The wording of this statement implies a point in time, however this is an ephemeral statement.  That is, "now" won't make sense 5 versions in the future.  We should have the point-in-time statement in the versioned part as I commented in https://github.com/ManageIQ/activerecord-virtual_attributes/pull/104/files#r797922371.  Then, here, we can say something like:

```suggestion
Versioning of this gem follows ActiveRecord versioning, and does not support SemVer.
```

## Version [Unreleased] <small>tbd</small>

## Version [4.0.0] <small>2022-01-26</small>

> * Added Rails 6.2 support

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
* Added Rails 6.1 support
```

* rails 6.0 support, (rails 5.2 only fails `habtm` preloading)
* ruby 2.6.x support (no longer testing ruby 2.4)

## [1.4.0] - 2019-07-13

* fix includes to include all associations
* fix bin/console to now actually run
* select no longer munges field attribute
* support virtual attributes in left_outer_joins

## [1.3.1] - 2019-06-06

* quote column aliases

## [1.3.0] - 2019-05-24

* Rails 5.2 support

## [1.2.0] - 2019-04-23

* Virtual_delegate :type now specified to avoid rare race conditions with attribute discovery
* Delays interpreting delegate until column is used
* Postgres now supports order by virtual_aggregate
* More flexible includes. e.g.: Arrays of symbols now work
* Raises errors for invalid `includes()` and `:uses`

## [1.1.0] - 2019-04-23

* Add legacy types for `VirtualAttribute::Types`
* Fix rails 5.1 bug with `includes()`
* Remove reference to `MiqPreloader`

## [1.0.0] - 2019-03-05

* Renamed to activerecord-virtual_attributes
* Moved from ManageIQ to own repo
* Added support for Rails 5.1

## 0.1.0 - 2019-01-17

* Initial Release
* Extracted from ManageIQ/manageiq

> [Unreleased]: https://github.com/ManageIQ/activerecord-virtual_attributes/compare/v3.0.0...HEAD
> [4.0.0]: https://github.com/ManageIQ/activerecord-virtual_attributes/compare/v3.0.0...v4.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Unreleased]: https://github.com/ManageIQ/activerecord-virtual_attributes/compare/v6.0.0...HEAD
[6.0.0]: https://github.com/ManageIQ/activerecord-virtual_attributes/compare/v3.0.0...v6.0.0
```

Author: ugh.
